First of all, we named the project game "Battleships—Searching Algorithms Demo Game" with mutual feedback. This is because CS Unplugged activity for "Searching Algorithms" is among two users guessing each other's chosen number which is hidden among one of multiple Battleships.

Week three continued with members researching on the feasibility of project and the approach that we should follow for the realization of project. As the team researched the activity, we realized that the activity demonstrated in CSUnplugged demanded- that the players of the game should not reveal their sheets of Battleships to other players. Being implemented on computer and the nature of the game being multiplayer, it was impossible for the players to not display their set of battleships as layout for both players will be visible to all on the same screen. A feed back came within team that this CSUnplugged activity may not be possible due to the mentioned challenge. Members gave feedback to fine tune the activity if we can mould it, and to have thorough research and planning. Also, there was feedback that we should also be ready with an entirely different CSUnplugged activity as soon as possible, as a last resort if plan for "Searching Algorithm" goes unsuccessful.

We did research within our activity and moulded the activity to be completely public, where  both players know the numbers chosen by other player from starting, and they have to chose the correct battleship behind which the correct numbers are hidden. Numbers will be assigned to battleships randomly, so this won't harm the game, but will help in maintaining transparency between players and audience. Team happily gave good feedback on this proposal and accepted the proposal. We worked on the basic steps in the execution flow of game, and with good feedback of team, settled on the steps.

We created an initial GUI setup in greenfoot world. Team liked the GUI and gave a good feedback on the GUI setup. We will be working more on the GUI and on the backend design, algorithms etc and we will give mutual feedback on our deliverables as we proceed.