6.2 : Simplicity:
Less is More. Simplicity is an important value in teamwork, especially in an agile team. In the agile manifesto, simplicity is explained as ¡°The Art of Maximizing Work Not Done¡± which means every work should be decluttered to simple issue or task, and finished with efficiency. This way, team could finish each task on time and thus simplifying the entire work. This also applies to modification and debugging. To practice this principle, our team should focus on several agile thinking and practices. 

1.Backlog refinement 
Set simple and small backlog at start
2.Simple rules to be self-organized
Not much restriction in working
3.Test driven development 
Just enough code to pass test every time
4.Simple task board
Keep the task board clear and simple for team to work on
5.Simple retrospectives 
Retrospect each sprint concisely for the preparation for the next sprint

In the future work, we should follow these rules to finish every task and component in a simple way and get quick feedback. Simply backlog, develop and retrospect every sprint to increase efficiency.

Week#1 We created our team name -- Green Hand, team logo, and some basic rules to follow in teamwork, sufficient for everyone to obey and participate actively as well. Then our team started working on the topic of the project. Based on the CS Unplugged website, We separated the work to several sections for each one to dig in, and wrote down some basic issues like finding specific topic, program interface, game materials, contact school, which we will face in the future on the backlog. 

Week#2 This week, we followed the task board to find interesting topics for our project. And weekly meeting proceeded successfully with on-point discussion. Each member introduced briefly on their assigned topics, and summarized their topics with a basic algorithm or graph. When misunderstanding happened in introducing the topic, another one could brief that idea to help the meeting move forward. After a short discussion and vote, we finalized our project topic on implementing Binary Search Algorithm. Then we discussed about the class diagram and UI, planning to use boats and simple number pads for the game which can present the algorithm simply and make the game easy to understand by children. And we also updated the backlog with discussed new issues.